This report is the most complete e better model in this edition of the CMP196 course.  Congratulations!
Evaluation of the work: 
1 Delivery of artifacts
1.1 Textual description of the application - ok 
1.2 Ontology OWL in GitHub - ok
1.3 Print of the tree of the model- ok 
1.4  List of sortals and relations - OK 
2 Formal requirements of the statement
2.1- Ontological analysis of the domain OK 
2.2- Define a process OK 
2.3- Specializing BFO or UFO OK 
2.4- Definition of entities OK 
2.5- Definition of entity moments  OK 
2.6- Definition of relationships. It shows examples of descriptive internal relations,  Descriptive external, non-descriptive internal and non-descriptive external relations
2.7- Definition of mereological relationships. ok 
2.8- Instances; Too few instances to demonstrate the model
2.9 Reasoning   Ok
2.10 Previous ontologies in the domain: Described 

General comments 
- Very good domain description and accurate identification of entities.
- The list of strict sortals has some repeating items.
-  In the list of moments, “physical quality” and “quality” are not from IAO, but from PATO and BFO
- If “maintenance status” is a BFO:quality with possible “working”, “out-of-order” and “in maintenance” values, these values should not be “maintenance status” subtypes, 
but values of that quality (for example , creating a data property “has value” which can have one of these 3 values). If "working", "out-of-order" and "in maintenance" 
are like "modes" in UFO (for example, like "fever"), they are ok as qualities, but "maintenance status" is strange, as  itself is not a moment that something displays. 
The same remarks apply for “operational status” and “integrity”.
Related to  the different qualities with an associated structure of values (such as “pressure”, “temperature”, …) this structure is represented with a “has quality” 
relationship between quality and some “measurement datum”. The solution is interesting, but it has two points of attention:
-First, “has quality” is a relationship between a continuing independent and a quality so it cannot be used between a quality and a “measurement datum” 
(which is a generically dependent). The inconsistency in defining “electric_current” as a subclass of “has_quality some specified_range” has to do with this. 
In your case, it can be replaced by “is about” between the “measurement datum” and the quality.
- Furthermore, “measurement datum” does not represent the value of the quality itself, but a description of that value. For many uses this might not make that much of a 
difference, but it is important to keep this distinction in mind and make it clear in the model.
About the modeled process, it was necessary to include the object that, to make complete sense, it is necessary to include the object that has its status changed 
from “out-of-order” to “working”.

Very good job! 


